CC-28712 Introduce Shipment + Service Points IG (#1884)
spryker/spryker-docs: _includes/pbc/all/install-features/202304.0/install-the-shipment-service-points-feature.md

> This document describes how to integrate the [Shipment](/docs/scos/user/features/{{site.version}}/shipment/shipment-feature-overview.html) + Service Points feature into a Spryker project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes how to integrate the [Shipment](/docs/pbc/all/carrier-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/shipment-feature-overview.html) + Service Points feature into a Spryker project.
```
